Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2025-02-23T13:23:59+00:00

====== Conexus-2 ======
Created Sunday 23 February 2025

Conexus-1 is a representation of a series of simulated realities accessible from our own. These realities are interconnected and very "real" in the sense that they are indistinguishable from our own. The differences in each case seem to be one or more major events in history that have taken a different turn to those in our won - in AR02, for example, this was Babbages completeion of the Analytical engine, and the subsequent early start of the "Information Age". There is also a different level of potential contacts with other simulated realities. This obviously raises the possibility of our own reality being another simulation, all being supported by a "higher level" reality, which could, in turn be another simulation.

All of this remained a philosophical exercies until a means of contacting these other realities (simulations) became possible in the form of information exchange. It was then discovered that, not only could we learn a tremendous amount from other simulations - for example, many areas of technology in AR02 are in advance of our own due to the more advanced computer systems available there. The most important discovery, however, was that events in one simulation can sometimes mirror events- in another, and it may be possible to instigate events in one from another. 

Exisitng as the supra-reality above/beyond Conexus-1, characterised by the recognition of lower levels of reality (sub-realities) as potentially fictional constructs (the word "fictional" here is intended to imply "created", rather than inferring a lack of veracity). 

While this could be viewed as a purely subjective way to validate various subrealities (i.e to lend them a value beyond that of the purely traditionally fictional), it has a value if the subject referencing such constructs requires that validation for further referential purposes.

Of course, this entry is entirely within the remit of Conexus-2 (or 3,4.....etc) as a validation of a sub-reality, and so could be considered a completely self-referential construct without any true meaning or value at all. Which it probably is. The extensive and largely unneccesary use of overblown phrases and pretentious statements suggests a lack of confidence in the author's (that would be me) ability to express the concept, or even any kind of grasp of the concept itself.      
